---
created: 2022-02-17T10:53:15 (UTC -05:00)
tags: []
source: https://beta.reactjs.org/learn/importing-and-exporting-components
author: 
---

# Importing and Exporting Components

> ## Excerpt
> A JavaScript library for building user interfaces

---
The magic of components lies in their reusability: you can create components that are composed of other components. But as you nest more and more components, it often makes sense to start splitting them into different files. This lets you keep your files easy to scan and reuse components in more places.

### You will learn

-   What a root component file is
-   How to import and export a component
-   When to use default and named imports and exports
-   How to import and export multiple components from one file
-   How to split components into multiple files

## The root component file

In [Your First Component](https://beta.reactjs.org/learn/your-first-component), you made a `Profile` component and a `Gallery` component that renders it:

These currently live in a **root component file,** named `App.js` in this example. In [Create React App](https://create-react-app.dev/), your app lives in `src/App.js`. Depending on your setup, your root component could be in another file, though. If you use a framework with file-based routing, such as Next.js, your root component will be different for every page.

## Exporting and importing a component

What if you want to change the landing screen in the future and put a list of science books there? Or place all the profiles somewhere else? It makes sense to move `Gallery` and `Profile` out of the root component file. This will make them more modular and reusable in other files. You can move a component in three steps:

1.  **Make** a new JS file to put the components in.
2.  **Export** your function component from that file (using either [default](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/export#using_the_default_export) or [named](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/export#using_named_exports) exports).
3.  **Import** it in the file where you’ll use the component (using the corresponding technique for importing [default](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import#importing_defaults) or [named](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import#import_a_single_export_from_a_module) exports).

Here both `Profile` and `Gallery` have been moved out of `App.js` into a new file called `Gallery.js`. Now you can change `App.js` to import `Gallery` from `Gallery.js`:

Notice how this example is broken down into two component files now:

1.  `Gallery.js`:
    -   Defines the `Profile` component which is only used within the same file and is not exported.
    -   Exports the `Gallery` component as a **default export**.
2.  `App.js`:
    -   Imports `Gallery` as a **default import** from `Gallery.js`.
    -   Exports the root `App` component as a **default export**.

### Note

You may encounter files that leave off the `.js` file extension like so:

```
import Gallery from './Gallery';
```

Either `'./Gallery.js'` or `'./Gallery'` will work with React, though the former is closer to how [native ES Modules](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules) work.

##### Deep Dive

### Default vs Named Exports

## Exporting and importing multiple components from the same file

What if you want to show just one `Profile` instead of a gallery? You can export the `Profile` component, too. But `Gallery.js` already has a _default_ export, and you can’t have _two_ default exports. You could create a new file with a default export, or you could add a _named_ export for `Profile`. **A file can only have one default export, but it can have numerous named exports!**

> To reduce the potential confusion between default and named exports, some teams choose to only stick to one style (default or named), or avoid mixing them in a single file. It’s a matter of preference. Do what works best for you!

First, **export** `Profile` from `Gallery.js` using a named export (no `default` keyword):

```
export function Profile() {
  // ...
}
```

Then, **import** `Profile` from `Gallery.js` to `App.js` using a named import (with the curly braces):

```
import { Profile } from './Gallery.js';
```

Finally, **render** `<Profile />` from the `App` component:

```
export default function App() {
  return <Profile />;
}
```

Now `Gallery.js` contains two exports: a default `Gallery` export, and a named `Profile` export. `App.js` imports both of them. Try editing `<Profile />` to `<Gallery />` and back in this example:

Now you’re using a mix of default and named exports:

-   `Gallery.js`:
    -   Exports the `Profile` component as a **named export called `Profile`**.
    -   Exports the `Gallery` component as a **default export**.
-   `App.js`:
    -   Imports `Profile` as a **named import called `Profile`** from `Gallery.js`.
    -   Imports `Gallery` as a **default import** from `Gallery.js`.
    -   Exports the root `App` component as a **default export**.

## Recap

On this page you learned:

-   What a root component file is
-   How to import and export a component
-   When and how to use default and named imports and exports
-   How to export multiple components from the same file
